##https://stream-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd


#EXTM3U

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/net.png" group-title="V-Lokal",NET
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/rcti.png" group-title="V-Lokal",RCTI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/gtv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",GTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/mnctv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",MNCTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/gtv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",GTV-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GlobalTV/sa_dash_vmx/GlobalTV.mpd-->

<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/mnctv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",MNCTV-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV.mpd-->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/inews.png" group-title="V-Lokal",iNewsTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/trans7.png" group-title="V-Lokal",Trans 7
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd
##https://video.detik.com/trans7/smil:trans7.smil/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/transtv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",Trans TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd
##https://video.detik.com/transtv/smil:transtv.smil/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/rtv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",RTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/antv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",ANTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/tvone.png" group-title="V-Lokal",TVONE
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/daaitv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",DAAI TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/jtv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",JTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/jaktv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",JAKTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/balitv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",BALI TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV/sa_dash_vmx/BaliTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/tvri.png" group-title="V-Lokal",TVRI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/metrotv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",Metro TV
##https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MetroTV/sa_dash_vmx/MetroTV.mpd
http://edge.metrotvnews.com:1935/live-edge/smil:metro.smil/chunklist_w504410639_b1492000_sleng.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/kompastv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",Kompas TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/bs.png" group-title="V-Lokal",Berita Satu
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/bandungtv.png" group-title="V-Lokal",BandungTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/seatoday.png" group-title="V-News",SEA TODAY-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Sea-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/Sea-Channel.mpd-->

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/ksa.jpg" group-title="V-Lokal", dutatv
https://v2.siar.us/dutatv/live/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Lokal",O Channel
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s41/01.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/idx.png" group-title="V-News",IDX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/dw.png" group-title="V-News",DW TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/arirang.png" group-title="V-News",Arirang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/mncnews.png" group-title="V-News",MNC News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCNews/sa_dash_vmx/MNCNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/bloomberg.png" group-title="V-News",Bloomberg
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/euronews.png" group-title="V-News",EuroNews
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/cgtn.png" group-title="V-News", CGTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/aljazeera.png" group-title="V-News",AL JAZEERA English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/foxnews.png" group-title="V-News",FOX News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/cnbcasia.png" group-title="V-News",CNBC Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/france24.png" group-title="V-News",France 24
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/bbcworldnews.png" group-title="V-News",BBC World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/trt.png" group-title="V-News",TRT World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/rt.png" group-title="V-News",RT English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/abcaustralia.png" group-title="V-News",ABC Australia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/cnninternational.png" group-title="V-News",CNN International
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/cna.png" group-title="V-News",Channel News Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/fx.png" group-title="Movies",FX-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FX/sa_dash_vmx/FX.mpd-->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/hbo.png" group-title="V-Movies",Galaxy
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/hbo.png" group-title="V-Movies",Galaxy Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/sCkvt6n/20220601-095930.jpg" group-title="V-Movies",IMC
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/n600MdC/hbo.png" group-title="V-Movies",HBO
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TmGc8Tw/gxy.png" group-title="V-Movies",HBO Family
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pQW1JcG/xyfs.png" group-title="V-Movies",HBO Hits
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zX9LRZd/BDZ.png" group-title="V-Movies",HBO Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/hits.png" group-title="V-Movies",HITS
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/hitsmovies.png" group-title="V-Movies",HITS Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/axn.png" group-title="V-Movies",AXN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/kix.png" group-title="V-Movies",KIX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/thrill.png" group-title="V-Movies",Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/warner.png" group-title="V-Movies",Warner TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/cinemaworld.png" group-title="V-Movies",Cinema World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/cm.png" group-title="V-Movies",Celestial Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/ccm.png" group-title="V-Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/scm.png" group-title="V-Movies",Star Chinese Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCM/sa_dash_vmx/SCM.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/zeebioskop.png" group-title="V-Movies",ZEE BIOSKOP
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/zeebioskop.png" group-title="V-Movies",CINEMAX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD2/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD2.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Movies",Cinema Europe
http://210.210.155.35:80/uq2663/h/h18/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Movies",Rock Entertainment
##http://203.77.246.50:5000/udp/239.1.2.130:5000
http://210.210.155.35:80/dr9445/h/h16/01.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Movies",Rock Extreme
##http://203.77.246.50:5000/udp/239.1.2.132:5000
http://210.210.155.35:80/dr9445/h/h15/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Movies",KBSWorld
https://kbsworld-ott.akamaized.net/hls/live/2002341/kbsworld/master.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-MalayTV",Drama Sangat
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/samleong123/tonton_dailymotion_php/main/m3u8/Drama_Sangat.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/mncsports.png" group-title="V-Sports",MNC Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/mncsports.png" group-title="V-Sports",MNC Sports 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/fightsport.png" group-title="V-Sports",Fight Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/b352L2b/bein1-home-tv.png" group-title="V-Sports",beIN Sport 1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jv3gyNy/bein2-home-tv.png" group-title="V-Sports",beIN Sport 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s5xQfGD/Spotv.png" group-title="V-Sports",SPOTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/foxsports1.png" group-title="V-Sports",SPOTV2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/soccerchannel.png" group-title="V-Sports",Soccer Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Sports",Pace Sport
http://203.77.246.50:5000/udp/239.1.2.218:5000

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Sports",Tennis
https://tennischannel-intl-samsung-uk.amagi.tv/playlist540_p.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Sports",EUROSport
https://cdn-apse1-prod.tsv2.amagi.tv/linear/amg01448-samsungin-eurosporthdin-samsungin/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Sports",TVRI Sport
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net:80/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI4)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Sports",MUTV
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/r2d2c4ca5bf57456fb1d16255c1a535c8/eu-west-1/6058004203001/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/disneychannel.png" group-title="V-Kids",Disney Channel
##https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyChannel/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyChannel.mpd
http://jupiter.bdcabletv.com/Disney_jr-ENC/video.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JBh6DYD/aniplus.jpg" group-title="V-Kids",Aniplus
http://210.210.155.35/session/5a96d1bc-6a30-11e9-afe2-91cea6c769ee/dr9445/h/h02/02.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/disneyjunior.png" group-title="V-Kids",ZooMoo
https://zoomoo-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8

<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/disneyxd.png" group-title="V-Kids",Disney XD-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyXD/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyXD.mpd-->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/cartoonnetwork.png" group-title="V-Kids",Cartoon Network
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/boomerang.png" group-title="V-Kids",Boomerang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/animax.png" group-title="V-Kids",Animax
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/miaomi.png" group-title="V-Kids",MiaoMi
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/babytv.png" group-title="V-Kids",Baby TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/nickelodeon.png" group-title="V-Kids",Nickelodeon
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Kids",Nick Jr
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Kids",Nick Jr Pluto
https://siloh.pluto.tv/lilo/production/Nick/04/master_3.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/cbeebies.png" group-title="V-Kids",CBeebies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/kidstv.png" group-title="V-Kids",Kids Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/afn.png" group-title="V-Lifestyle",AFN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/tlc.png" group-title="V-Lifestyle",TLC
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/fmn.png" group-title="V-Lifestyle",FMN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gJBkjCt/dghjc.png" group-title="V-Lifestyle",HGTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/lifetime.png" group-title="V-Lifestyle",Lifetime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/sonyone.png" group-title="V-Lifestyle",Sony One
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/oktv.png" group-title="V-Lifestyle",OKTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/visionprime.png" group-title="V-Lifestyle",Vision Prime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/ie.png" group-title="V-Lifestyle",Infotainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/wakuwaku.png" group-title="V-Lifestyle",GEM Jpn
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h19/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=GEM_HD

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/ent.png" group-title="V-Lifestyle",MNC Entertainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Lifestyle",DFC FOOD
http://playlist.urfan.web.id/x6bnqe/s/s50/live.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Lifestyle",,KBS WORLD
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/sdb/kbs_hls.smil/chunklist_b1200000.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hFrZwVC/VSDAD.png" group-title="V-Movies",tvN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/WWfn1fR/XCFX.png" group-title="V-Movies",tvN Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.infotelevisi.com/asset/images/tv/k_plus.jpg" group-title="V-Movies",KPlus
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h08/01.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=K-PLUS_HD

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Movies",My Cinema
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h192/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_HD

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_mycinemaasia_big.png" group-title="V-Movies", My Cinema Asia
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h193/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_Asia

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_new-myfamily_big.png" group-title="V-Movies", My Family Channel
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h194/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Family_Channel_Trial-

<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/zeecinema.png" group-title="Entertainment",Zee Cinema-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeCinema/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeCinema.mpd-->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/anhuitv.png" group-title="V-Entertainment",Anhui TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/hunantv.png" group-title="V-Entertainment",Hunan TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/dragontv.png" group-title="V-Entertainment",Dragon TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/jiangsutv.png" group-title="V-Entertainment",Jiangsu TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/xingxong.png" group-title="V-Entertainment",Xingkong TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/nhkworld.png" group-title="V-Entertainment",NHK World TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/nhkpremium.png" group-title="V-Entertainment",NHK World Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/history.png" group-title="V-Knowledge",History
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/cgtndoc.png" group-title="V-Knowledge",CGTN DOCUMENTARY
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/besmart.jpg" group-title="V-Knowledge",Besmart
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/discoverychannel.png" group-title="V-Knowledge",Discovery
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/bbcearth.png" group-title="V-Knowledge",BBC Earth
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/animalplanet.png" group-title="V-Knowledge",Animal Planet
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/ngc.png" group-title="V-Knowledge",Nat Geo Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/natgeowild.png" group-title="V-Knowledge",Nat Geo Wild
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/natgeopeople.png" group-title="V-Knowledge",Love Nature
##https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoPeople/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoPeople.mpd
http://bamus-eng-roku.amagi.tv/playlist404p.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/crimeinvestigation.png" group-title="V-Knowledge",Crime Investigation
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="V-Knowledge",Smithsonian
https://smithsonianaus-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist480p.m3u8


